1. Write a JavaScript program to display the current day and time in the following format.
    Sample Output : Today is : Tuesday.
    Current time is : 10 PM : 30 : 38

2. Write a JavaScript program to print the contents of the current window.

3. Write a JavaScript program to get the current date.
    mm-dd-yyyy, mm/dd/yyyy or dd-mm-yyyy, dd/mm/yyyy

4. Write a JavaScript program to find the area of a triangle where lengths of the three of its sides are 5, 6, 7.

5. Write a JavaScript program to rotate the string 'w3resource' in right direction by periodically removing one letter from the end of the string and attaching it to the front.

6. Write a JavaScript program to determine whether a given year is a leap year in the Gregorian calendar.

7. Write a JavaScript program to find 1st January is being a Sunday between 2014 and 2050.

8. Write a JavaScript program where the program takes a random integer between 1 to 10, the user is then prompted to input a guess number. If the user input matches with guess number, the program will display a message "Good Work" otherwise display a message "Not matched". 

9. Write a JavaScript program to calculate days left until next Christmas. 

12. Write a JavaScript program to get the website URL (loading page).

13. Write a JavaScript exercise to create a variable using a user-defined name.

14. Write a JavaScript exercise to get the extension of a filename.

18. Write a JavaScript program to check two given numbers and return true if one of the number is 50 or if their sum is 50.

19. You are given a non-empty list of integers (X). For this task, you should return a list 
    consisting of only the non-unique elements in this list. To do so you will need to remove
    all unique elements (elements which are contained in a given list only once). When solving
    this task, do not change the order of the list. Example: [1, 2, 3, 1, 3] 1 and 3 non-unique
    elements and result will be [1, 3, 1, 3].

20. A median is a numerical value separating the upper half of a sorted array of numbers
    from the lower half. In a list where there are an odd number of entities, the median
    is the number found in the middle of the array. If the array contains an even number
    of entities, then there is no single middle value, instead the median becomes the
    average of the two numbers found in the middle. For this mission, you are given a
    non-empty array of natural numbers (X). With it, you must separate the upper half of
    the numbers from the lower half and find the median.

21. Array sorting desending order.

22. You are given a text, which contains different english letters and punctuation symbols.
    You should find the most frequent letter in the text. The letter returned must be in
    lower case. While checking for the most wanted letter, casing does not matter, so for
    the purpose of your search, "A" == "a". Make sure you do not count punctuation symbols,
    digits and whitespaces, only letters. 

23. Fredo is assigned a new task today. He is given an array A containing N integers. 
    His task is to update all elements of array to some minimum value x , 
    that is, A[i]=x; 1≤i≤N such that sum of this new array is strictly greater than
    the sum of the initial array. Note that x should be as minimum as possible such that
    sum of the new array is greater than the sum of the initial array.

    Input Format: First line of input consists of an integer N denoting the number of
    elements in the array A.Second line consists of N space separated integers denoting
    the array elements.
    
    Output Format: The only line of output consists of the value of x.

24. Implement Binary Search.

25. Find Square root of any given number.

26. Check if a number is perfect square without finding square root.

27. Find if a given number is armstrong number.

28. Find if a given number is prime number or not.

29. Program for Fibonacci numbers.

30. Check if a given number is Fibonacci number.

31. Efficient program to print all prime factors of a given number.

32. Program to find LCM of two numbers.

33. Find union of two array is javascript.

34. Find factorial of a given number.

35. Implement merge sort in javascript.

36. Console.log true if characters in a string Javascript in repeated else false.

37. find and print repeated characters in a string Javascript.

38. Closures in Javascript.

39. OOJS

40. How to check if a variable is array or not

41. best way to check prime number

42. best way to get prime factor

43. How do get nth Fibonacci number?

44. How would you find the greatest common divisor of two numbers?

45. How would you remove duplicate members from an array?

46. Merge two sorted array

47. swap number without temp

48. Reverse of String

49. Reverse of String recursive

50. Can you make reverse function as string extension?

51. First non repeating char

52. How would you add your own method to the Array object so the following code would work?

53. Explain what a callback function is and provide a simple example.

54. Given an array of integers, find the largest product yielded from three of the integers

55. Being told that an unsorted array contains (n - 1) of n consecutive numbers (where the bounds are defined), find the missing number in O(n) time.

56. Removing duplicates of an array and returning an array of only unique elements.

57. Given a string, reverse each word in the sentence "Welcome to this Javascript Guide!" should be become.

58. Given two strings, return true if they are anagrams of one another "Mary" is an anagram of "Army".

59. Find all pairs in an array of integers whose sum is equal to a given number.

60. Find the intersection of two arrays. An intersection would be the common elements that exists within both arrays. In this case, these elements should be unique!

61. Check if a given string is a palindrome "racecar" is a palindrome. "race car" should also be considered a palindrome. Case sensitivity should be taken into account.

62. Check if a given string is a isomorphic.

63. Create a function that will evaluate if a given expression has balanced parentheses -- 
    Using stacks In this example, we will only consider "{}" as valid parentheses {}{} would 
    be considered balancing. {{{}} is not balanced.

64. Write a recursive function that returns the binary string of a given decimal number 
    Given 4 as the decimal input, the function should return 100.

65. Implement Bubble Sort

66. Implement Selection Sort

67. Implement Prototypal inheritance.

68. Implement Class inheritance.